Add docs for AWS Cloudmap and Nameformat name resolution components (#4694)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-name-resolution/nr-awscloudmap.md

| namespaceId     | One of namespaceName or namespaceId | string | ""      | The ID of your AWS CloudMap namespace |
| region          | N                                   | string | ""      | AWS region. If not provided, will be determined from environment or instance metadata |
| endpoint        | N                                   | string | ""      | Custom endpoint for AWS CloudMap API. Useful for testing with LocalStack |
| defaultDaprPort | N                                   | number | 3500    | Default port for Dapr sidecar if not specified in instance attributes |

### Service registration

To use this name resolver, your services must be registered in AWS CloudMap. When registering instances, ensure they have the following attributes:

1. Required: One of these address attributes:
   - `AWS_INSTANCE_IPV4`: IPv4 address of the instance
   - `AWS_INSTANCE_IPV6`: IPv6 address of the instance
   - `AWS_INSTANCE_CNAME`: Hostname of the instance

2. Optional: Dapr sidecar port attribute:
   - `DAPR_PORT`: The port that the Dapr sidecar is listening on
   - If not specified, the component will use the `defaultDaprPort` from configuration (defaults to 3500)

> The resolver will only return healthy instances (those with `HEALTHY` status) to ensure reliable service communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resolver only returns healthy instances (those with `HEALTHY` status) to ensure reliable service communication.
```
